Sprint review blog post for 24.09 (#723)
wazo-platform/wazo-platform.org: content/blog/sprint-review-2409.md

---
title: Wazo Platform 24.09 Released
date: 2024-07-02T08:00:00
author: The Wazo Authors
category: Wazo Platform
tags: wazo-platform, development
slug: release-review-2409
status: published
---

Hello Wazo Platform community!

Here is a short review of the Wazo Platform 24.09 release.

## New Features in This Release

> - **API**: New limit on maximum number of tokens a user can create simultaneously. The limit is set to 100 tokens per user by default, but can be changed in wazo-auth configuration files.

Reviewer: Do you think that using `session` word will be more intuitive that "tokens a user can create simultaneously"
```suggestion
- **API**: New limit on maximum number of sessions a user can have. The limit is set to 100 sessions per user by default, but can be changed in wazo-auth configuration files.
```

Author: Sure, sessions is definitely the appropriate word here, but when talking about `auth` in Wazo i havent been able to find much information about sessions, we often talk about token/refresh tokens

Reviewer: Yes I agree, session is not (really) documented
But still no objection for session
